[theme song starts]
[computer beeping]
♪ Here we are, going far
To save all that we love ♪
♪ If we give all we've got
We will make it through ♪
♪ Here we are, like a star
Shining bright on your world ♪
♪ Today, make evil go away ♪
♪ Code Lyoko, we'll reset it all ♪
♪ Code Lyoko, be there when you call ♪
♪ Code Lyoko, we will stand real tall ♪
♪ Code Lyoko, stronger after all ♪
[computer beeping]
TEMPTATION
[both gasp]
Say, Odd, why do you always have
to wait for the last second?
Because it's more fun, that's why.
-[action music]
-[laser blasting]
-[Odd grunts]
-[Aelita gasps]
[laser blasting]
[gasping]
Is that what you call "fun"?
Looks more like "insanity" if you ask me.
Oh, really? You mean there's a difference?
-[Odd laughs]
-[Aelita sighs]
-[action music]
-[laser blasting]
-Thanks Yumi.
-Don't mention it.
[grunts]
[shouting]
Odd and Aelita, you're only a few minutes
from the activated tower.
[Odd] Bummer. I was just starting
to enjoy myself.
[Jeremy] Careful! Behind you!
-[Aelita gasps]
-[Odd] Well, lots of action!
Sorry, Aelita, we're gonna have to jump.
[both grunts]
[sighs]
[Aelita sighs]
[both gasp]
Hurry. I'll cover you.
[laser blasting]
Laser arrow!
[grunts]
[gasps]
[Scyphozoa shrieks]
[shouting]
Good job, Yumi!
[beeping]
[ethereal music]
All done, Jeremy.
The tower's been deactivated.
Okay. I'll start the return
and get you all home.
Really? Why?
XANA didn't even have time
to launch an attack on earth.
[Jeremy] You can't be too careful.
Uh… May I remind you that
going back in time makes XANA stronger.
I know what I'm doing, all right?
[Odd] Well, if you know,
then explain it to us.
Just trust me, okay?
Jeremy,
that's not the point.
-[Jeremy] That's my final answer.
-[Ulrich sighs]
Return to the past, now!
-[computer blipping]
-[powering down]
[powering up]
[Ulrich] Jeremy's really becoming a pain.
He just flies off the handle
for no reason at all.
He's like a time bomb.
Who knows? Maybe he's got family problems.
Or else, he's only just realized
he has a split personality
and that when the moon is full,
he becomes the son of Doctor Schrank!
Capable of grafting animal body parts
onto human beings!
And he now knows that he must face up
to a fate worse than death.
You've been watching
Horror at the Hospital again, huh?
How can anyone pass up
such a fantastic program?
[all grunt softly]
Whoa, there he is.
How's life, Einstein?
Where were you?
In my room, why?
Is there a law against it?
Chill, will you?
We were worried, that's all.
I'm a big boy now so just get off my back.
Hey, you might just have something there
with your Dr. Schrank theory.
Ha! You see? I told you so.
-[bell ringing]
-Right, in the meantime,
I've also got a fate worse than death.
-What's that?
-[Odd] Mrs. Meyer's class.
[theme music]
[Mrs. Meyer] Thales theory allows us
to calculate length.
[Mrs. Meyer]
For example, in a triangle marked ABC.
With straight lines called RS and BC
which are parallel.
[Mrs. Meyer]
First we calculate X, then SC.
Hypothetically, ABC is a triangle.
R is a point on AB.
N is a point on AC.
[zooming]
[footsteps echoing]
[sinister music]
[Mrs. Meyer] …equals seven times eight,
10x equals 56.
And that's it.
It's rather simple in the end.
-Ma'am?
-Uh… Yes, Jeremy? Question?
May I go to the infirmary?
Oh, yes, of course.
-Do you want me to come with you?
-No.
[tense music]
-[Yumi] Jeremy skipped history class?
-And gym class too.
And now he's skipping lunch.
Gym class and lunch, I can understand.
But skipping history class
is not Jeremy's style at all.
I'm gonna check his room.
[typing]
[dramatic music]
Yes?
It's me.
I brought your notes from the classes
that you missed this morning.
Put them down on the bed.
[Aelita]
Jeremy, if there's anything wrong,
you know
you can talk to me about it, right?
What's up with you guys?
There's nothing wrong with me.
I'm just working, that's all.
[Jeremy] I've almost found the antivirus
which will free you from XANA.
Isn't that worth spending some time on?
Yes, of course, but…
You've been acting strange recently.
You should take a break from time to time.
Oh, yeah. Does XANA take breaks? No!
So what do you want?
You want him to steal your memory?
I really don't want to lose you, Jeremy.
And I can hardly recognize you anymore.
Aelita…
There's something I have to tell you.
-[beeping]
-[gasps]
[alert beeping]
You see?
I told you XANA never takes a break!
[tense music]
[grunting]
-You sure you're done now?
-[phone ringing]
[Jeremy] SOS XANA.
Okay, Jeremy. We're on the way.
[Jeremy] Hurry up.
XANA has launched an attack.
We have to go to the factory.
[in distorted voice] You over there!
-Sit back down!
-[Ulrich and Odd] Huh?
I said, sit down!
[growls]
[Ulrich and Odd] Whoa!
[tense music]
[grunting angrily]
I shouldn't have said her mashed potatoes
looked like barf, I guess.
If you ask me, this looks more
like a xanafication.
Cover me. I'll try to reach Aelita
and Jeremy at the factory.
No problemo. Ulrich, on three.
One, two, three!
[grunts]
-Hey!
-Ready for another round?
It's not every day we get the opportunity
to break up the place.
The activated tower
is in the Mountain Sector.
Well, we'll just have to wait
for the others.
-[Jeremy] What on earth are they doing?
-They're doing what they can.
XANA has possessed Rosa.
We'll have to make do without them.
Hurry up,
I'll start the virtualization process.
[action music]
Transfer Yumi.
[Jeremy] Transfer Aelita.
[digital whirring]
[Jeremy] Scanner Yumi.
[Jeremy] Scanner Aelita.
[scanning]
Virtualization.
-[powering up]
-[action music]
The activated tower
should be straight ahead of you.
[Yumi] We can see it, Jeremy.
But there's also
an army of monsters blocking our way.
I have a funny feeling
we should take cover. Come on.
[laser blasting]
[action music]
Yumi, Aelita, are you okay?
[Yumi] We'd be a lot better
if you could materialize the Overwing.
Okay, coming up.
[computer blipping]
[Odd] Jeremy.
How's it going on your end?
[grunting]
Because over here,
we're starting to run out of ammo.
[growls]
Jeremy, you better hustle.
May I remind you that Rosa's specialty
is chopped sirloin?
Come on, ladies, get a move on!
Odd and Ulrich are in a really bad way!
No kidding! All we need here
are some sandwiches for a nice picnic.
[gasps]
-[laser blasting]
-[mechanical footsteps]
We'll never get through.
Hold on a second. I've got a little idea.
Little or big, it doesn't matter,
as long as it works.
[ethereal music]
[mechanical clanking]
[grunting]
[action music]
[growling]
Here she comes.
Now I know
what Tweety feels like against Sylvester.
Hey, Jeremy,
what are you guys waiting for?
[grunts]
[Jeremy] Aelita's in the tower.
[Jeremy]
Just hang in there for another 30 seconds.
[shouting]
Thirty seconds? That's like an eternity.
[beeping]
[grunting]
[Rosa groans]
Jeremy, I think this calls
for a return to the past, don't you?
Right. I'm launching it. Get ready.
Return to the past now.
[powering up]
What's he up to?
He should be here already.
Why don't we go check his room?
Jeremy!
[dramatic music]
[theme music]
Jeremy, wake up! It's terrible!
Aelita has fallen in love with Herb!
No reaction.
-This is really serious.
-Right. I'm calling the hospital.
Look! His eyelids are moving.
[melancholic music]
He must be dreaming.
[zooming]
-[footsteps echoing]
-[loud whirring]
[sinister music]
[grunting]
What could've happened to him?
Something must've happened
during the last return to the past.
XANA?
I have no idea.
But I think
it's worth checking out the Supercomputer.
I'll go with you.
Should we search Jeremy's room?
I really don't wanna do that, but…
[Ulrich] Nothing special,
except that I just found out that
Jeremy still wears underwear
with kangaroos on them.
I'll have to tell him to move onto boxers.
No activated towers,
but there's a ton of files.
[Yumi] Hey, I can't open this one.
It's called "My Journal."
[Aelita] The logs are all normal.
There certainly was
a major discharge of energy
during that last return
to the past, though.
But they're no different from
any of the previous returns to the past.
[computer beeping]
-[Aelita] Ulrich?
-[Ulrich] We need you.
[Ulrich] Can you meet us in Jeremy's room?
Okay.
[theme music]
[tense music]
[Aelita] There! And… I…
got it!
It wasn't easy, but I got it.
These are video files.
Just open the first one.
Today, I have decided
to start a video journal,
a bit like the diary Franz Hopper kept.
[Jeremy]
This way, if anything happens to me,
others might be able
to continue my research.
My search to find the antivirus
which will free Aelita from XANA
has never been closer to total success,
and it's thanks to Franz Hopper's diary
and thanks to the data recovery
from Sector Five
that I was able to decode
part of his diary
that explains how to use
the returns to the past
to logarithmically increase
your intelligence.
I immediately tried it. It's amazing.
It's as if my brain
suddenly had the processing power
of ten computers linked in series.
A neuronal headset.
Open the most recent entry.
[Aelita] This one's from yesterday.
Every time I use the headset, my mental
and physical health gets worse and worse.
But I'm moving so far forward
in my research,
I can't stop this close to success.
-That's all we needed.
-Is there anything we can do to save him?
Let's go to the factory.
I'll meet you there.
First, I have to stop by the infirmary.
[Yumi] I want to make sure that
XANA's attack isn't directed at Jeremy.
Come with me,
there are papers we have to sign.
[tense music]
[engine starts]
[both men] Huh?
-Hey! My ambulance!
-[Yumi] Huh?
[sirens wailing]
-Is Jeremy in there?
-Yes, but he isn't driving it.
[mechanical whirring]
[tense music]
[mechanical clanking]
-[sirens wailing]
-[Yumi panting]
Hi, Aelita. XANA is taking control
of Jeremy's ambulance.
I'm gonna try to do something
but I'm really counting on you guys.
Okay.
We'll go as fast as we can, I promise.
Odd, Ulrich, are you in position?
-Ready.
[computer blipping]
Virtualization in 30 seconds.
I'll be right there.
[action music]
[beeping]
-[static zapping]
-[grunts]
The tower is that way.
[Aelita] I'm sorry
I couldn't materialize the vehicles.
We have to go on foot.
[panting]
[tense music]
[sirens wailing]
[Yumi grunts]
[engine revving]
[panting]
[grunting]
[Yumi] Jeremy!
[sinister music]
[Jeremy grunting]
[gasping]
-[sirens wailing]
-[tense music]
[Yumi] Jeremy!
[groans and pants]
[repetitive thuds]
[sirens wailing]
[grunting]
-Jeremy, wake up!
-[Jeremy grunts]
[grunting]
-[Yumi echoing] Jeremy!
-[Jeremy] Huh?
[Yumi echoing] Jeremy! It's me, Yumi!
[Yumi echoing] Wake up!
[Jeremy groans]
Jeremy… Jeremy.
[gasps]
Yumi, what's going on?
Just huge problems, same old routine.
Before we can do anything else,
we have to get out of here.
Hey. Don't you think
we ought to stop the ambulance first?
Well, of course I do.
But do you mind telling me how?
[Yumi gasps]
Make it fast because
we are heading straight for the river.
Huh?
[theme music]
[action music]
[Aelita] There!
[Aelita gasps]
[shrieks]
Maybe you shouldn't have said it so loud.
-I've got an idea.
-I love it when you say that.
[Ulrich grunts]
Laser arrow!
[laser blasting]
[Ulrich grunts]
[gasping]
[yowling]
[siren wailing]
[grunting] Hurry!
[grunting]
[Yumi grunting]
[groans]
Oh, darn it!
Oh, no!
[tires screeching]
[both gasping]
Help had better be on the way, like now!
[Odd]
Got any other brilliant ideas, Ulrich?
[Ulrich] Uh… well…
[laser blasting]
Man, that was not cool.
[Aelita gasps] Watch it!
[action music]
[growling]
[Odd groaning]
[monster shrieks]
[Odd groans]
[Yumi through computer]
Ulrich, Odd, Aelita, are you there?
[mechanical clanking]
[Yumi] Ulrich!
Yumi, are you okay?
[Yumi through computer]
To tell the truth, no.
[theme music]
Now the problem is how to reach the tower.
[Ulrich through computer]
Yeah, and fast.
Yumi and Jeremy have gone for a dip
in an ambulance
at the bottom of the river.
[Odd] Just a little tarantula
to get rid of first.
Shield!
[action music]
Odd, leave it to me.
[ethereal music]
Nice one!
-[Odd grunts]
-[Aelita gasps]
[gasps]
[laser blasting]
[ethereal music]
[computer beeping]
Yumi, we got it.
[Ulrich through computer]
Aelita has deactivated the tower.
Super. Now we can drown in peace.
Ulrich,
we're still at the bottom of the river.
The only thing that can save us now
is a return to the past.
But I have no idea how to do that.
Put me on.
Ulrich, I need you
to do exactly what I say, okay?
Yeah, right, huh… Yes, wait, wait!
Not so fast!
Where's the button? I don't see it.
-Quickly!
-On the right.
[Jeremy] On the upper right
of the keyboard, the "jump button"
-in Ultimate Blaster.
-Uh… Okay.
I got it. Return to the past now.
[powering up]
Don't tell me he's out cold again.
Jeremy, no!
I checked the calculations I've done
over the past few weeks,
most of them are wrong!
So you were destroying your health
without even improving your brain power.
I wouldn't call that a very good deal.
Do you think that XANA
had something to do with it?
He certainly put me on the track.
But the information did come
from Franz Hopper's diary.
In some way, then,
we have not just one but two enemies.
Hopper is certainly not an enemy.
But his discoveries are out of our league.
[Jeremy] I think we'd better be careful.
For now, the important thing is that
you get back to being your old self again.
That's for sure. Seeing you so grouchy,
you were getting to be like Dr. Schrank.
Or even worse. Huh, Ulrich?
Hey! I am not… grouchy.
-[all laughing]
-Yeah right. Give me a break!
-[Ulrich] Well, all right.
[theme music]